Displaying 180 of 180 matches:
 deferral accounts to extend their broadband internet services to a greater num
and 2015, this initiative extended broadband access to more than 280 additional
ng. 20 Some parties have said that broadband is a fundamental human right. Addr
s to fast, affordable and reliable broadband service. 57 The record shows clear
rly the overwhelming importance of broadband access to all Canadians-at home, a
dians. 59 Concerns expressed about broadband included the higher costs, includi
cus on three important issues: the broadband standard, the broadband subsidy an
ssues: the broadband standard, the broadband subsidy and the transport subsidy.
r written submission. 64 Fast: the Broadband standard. One of the core issues i
larly whether basic should include broadband at a specified rate and if so what
e position that basic must include broadband and we believe that there is some 
 today that the establishment of a broadband standard for Canadians is actually
d that provide subsidy support for broadband service and for transport connecti
on to serve. 71 We have proposed a broadband standard of 25Mbps download and 3 
he gaps that exist today in -- the broadband access needed by Northerners and w
and should lead the development of broadband capability for all regions. 77 Tur
 the theme of “affordable” and the broadband subsidy. Access to a service is no
al importance to them of access to broadband expressed the view that their serv
 Yukon's preferred approach to the broadband subsidy involves a CRTC-supervised
 the fast, affordable and reliable broadband service without subsidy support. I
ubsidy: 85 From the perspective of broadband users, reliability means that the 
up-time performance. 86 Unreliable broadband connections have impacts beyond me
res in our proposal establishing a broadband standard and implementing subsidy 
nd transport infrastructure -- for broadband service and transport infrastructu
 generating a robustly competitive broadband market, where telecom and cable fa
ce levels, and prices in the Yukon broadband market to ensure that the interest
 the following: 109 One, universal broadband access throughout Canada is vital 
s should have access to comparable broadband services at comparable prices. Uni
es at comparable prices. Universal broadband access will not be achieved withou
ural barriers to the attainment of broadband objectives it will be necessary fo
ene. 111 The subsidy mechanism for broadband support should be community-based,
cy. 112 To enable the provision of broadband service in rural and remote commun
ll Canadians to have access to the broadband capabilities needed for full parti
entation of initiatives to achieve broadband connectivity, the Commission will 
were actually looking at providing broadband service ourselves, and those would
ou used the expression “comparable broadband services” in a couple of places at
ility subsidy to support access to broadband services by low income households.
ich is sort of a package for basic broadband services at a price and we wanted 
rd it said, though, that access to broadband in terms of economic development c
reby one provides support to build broadband transport networks, let's say to a
ive, policy incentive, by way of a broadband subsidy that would make -- that wo
toring of internet -- a quality of broadband internet services. 303 So in your 
feasible model when we look at the broadband subsidy, extending -- if we were t
ou have got most of it whereas the broadband subsidy may, subject to whatever c
which is responsible for providing broadband services directly to residents, bu
stly and difficult to operate. 355 Broadband internet is essential to Nunavik. 
the National Satellite Initiative, Broadband Canada and Connecting Canadians ha
 us to build a network and provide broadband service. 357 The service is slow a
 of a long-term national policy on Broadband development, these initiatives hav
uld actually have to shut down our broadband service. 360 And typically, when t
 363 We support the principle that broadband is an essential service for which 
 In defining targets for essential broadband service, it will be important to c
, to impose an obligation to serve broadband on the ILEC, because the ILEC has 
 the ILEC, because the ILEC has no broadband infrastructure. 368 And this bring
9 The EKOS report, the less talked broadband report, notes that wireline servic
stinct options for communications, broadband or telephone, greatly increases th
ingle point of failure on both the broadband and telephone networks. 377 And la
 not have a negative impact on the broadband infrastructure. 379 Contrast this 
, where the non-Aboriginally owned broadband provider decided unilaterally to r
der decided unilaterally to reduce broadband speeds to all consumers. 380 By ha
83 So to conclude, we believe that broadband is an essential service. However, 
well. 384 However, we believe that broadband and wireline telephone service sho
st positioned to continue offering broadband services. And this really is just 
 funding will be needed to provide broadband services at a reasonable cost, esp
ased transport network. We provide broadband services that are 1.5 megabits dow
kilobits upload. This is under the Broadband Canada program. We are in the midd
E in order to meet the residential broadband targets to do this. 393 In additio
nk into the house -- you know, the broadband link. 440 CHAIRPERSON MOLNAR: M’hm
different targets as it related to broadband 25.3 and I think 130. 475 Would yo
 right to get an education through broadband as anybody else, right? 517 If tho
ge. Compare that to the Let's Talk Broadband report from EKOS where I think the
mber of homes that are spending on broadband based on their spending habits. Bu
de voice over HSPA and residential broadband over LTE. So initially we had a pl
lay to do LTE just for residential broadband and then the HSPA we’ll do voice a
ability that you get of having the broadband not being integrated with the voic
 both by the voice network and the broadband network, the region went completel
 services used in order to provide broadband internet services in your serving 
on can expand access to affordable broadband in northern regions. 609 Broadband
broadband in northern regions. 609 Broadband must be a basic service. Without a
adequate, reliable, and affordable broadband --- 610 THE CHAIRPERSON: Could -- 
needs to go further than mandating broadband for all. 615 In its notice of cons
a First Nations owned and operated broadband network. It’s owned by the Keewayt
anak Tribal Council and we provide broadband connections to First Nation commun
SP in each community, we bring the broadband connection to the community and su
ncil area that did not receive the broadband project six years ago. It was an $
onable needs and the importance of broadband for northern development. We’re no
 regional development. 679 Second, broadband must continue to be a moving targe
ng to change over time. 680 Third, broadband must be not only available but als
bout that. And your own Let’s Talk Broadband had some very good examples of peo
 caps because at the time when the broadband infrastructure was first developed
 moved ahead and worked to develop broadband in those areas. 791 COMMISSIONER M
 Access Coalition’s proposal for a broadband deployment mechanism, which is sli
ity infrastructure in accelerating broadband availability in northern and indig
to INAC, et cetera, for Aboriginal broadband and I’d invite the Commission to r
d I’m wondering, is this community broadband -- is this some sort of an organiz
ed in about 1995 when there was no broadband in the north. And it was under a s
 of K-Net. 953 But quickly we knew broadband was needed in our communities. So 
at the regional network delivering broadband to the communities, they take that
to the communities, they take that broadband and develop their ISP. 957 But ove
 So we as a regional group deliver broadband to the schools. 959 And then we al
hing now this time with respect to broadband internet infrastructure. The first
as a great idea to have a national broadband network. But then seeing that they
ing to have province able to run a broadband network as well as they run some o
ike to speak to our submissions on broadband access and transport. 1206 So, fir
e basic service objective to place broadband access at its core, and that reall
to mandating individual line local broadband service and capability to connect 
rovider. 1210 What I mean is this: broadband access is physical network access 
onnectivity service delivered over broadband access. In other words, they're di
ink that both internet service and broadband access are required to be able to 
13 We say the answer is upgradable broadband access that supports the provision
lly-integrated monopoly, where the broadband provider is the only one who can i
nterparts to subsidize internet or broadband internet, challenge them. 1220 Do 
be locked in, or do they mean that broadband access facilities are badly needed
problem to be solved. You can have broadband access facilities, but you need ba
sponse to the zoomable pictures of broadband deployment that you published last
R MOLNAR: Okay. 1286 So I left the broadband access for last because I feel I m
 proposal of individual line local broadband and capability to connect to the i
 the retail service delivered over broadband access to them. That would typical
oice providers can setup over that broadband access. And as you said in your de
nomadic voice service, but use the broadband access for -- yes. 1298 MR. ABRAMS
here that were doable, because the broadband access was present in communities 
e, but work towards the underlying broadband access is to make sure that it’s d
eliably, but I don’t see voice and broadband as opposites. 1316 I see voice as 
that’s increasingly delivered over broadband and the next generations of mobile
if you have someone delivering the broadband access they’ll have every reason t
petitive -- competition within all broadband access. I understand that. 1333 Th
So, you know, the individual local broadband capability to connect the internet
ho are providing services over the broadband access. 1340 COMMISSIONER MOLNAR: 
transitioning to a BSO where it is broadband and, you know, access with -- to c
on has been present over wholesale broadband access on DSL and still is present
 what we are asking is that as the broadband -- the basic, I should say, servic
ring that Internet access and that broadband service or of having competition f
uld say if you are subsidizing the broadband access then all the more so to mak
I mean we have been crystal clear. Broadband access isn't Internet service. It'
ice provider getting access to the broadband infrastructure would need to be ab
s’ announcement of providing a $10 broadband offering in subsidized housing, no
 to similarly recommend the Canada Broadband Fund and propose to fund up to hal
ded to something called the Canada Broadband Fund or whatever it is, but we do 
ed concept of affordable universal broadband internet fit for all IP universe i
n as a proxy for desired levels of broadband adoption. 1494 As FCC Chairman Whe
 of saying, neither the concept of broadband nor universal service is static. B
m, access to affordable high-speed broadband at between 25 and 30 megabits base
ent policy agenda on the issues of broadband subsidies, spectrum policy, and fo
ountries do not legislate specific broadband speed benchmarks but pursue broadb
adband speed benchmarks but pursue broadband targets as a matter of public poli
erest. 1500 The number of national broadband plans worldwide has soared from 34
 set out meaningful and achievable broadband access and adoption goals. They al
ate. The caricature of a single EU broadband model is a myth. Individual countr
U and OECD situation outlining the broadband policies for 41 specific countries
gnificant government investment in broadband projects. At the low end of the sc
is understandable; access to basic broadband is nearly universal in Canada. Cov
megabits per second, and ultrafast broadband at 100 megabits per second or more
n households should have access to broadband of at least 5 megabits per second 
cess is important when it comes to broadband internet adoption, the gap between
 lowest income bracket do not have broadband and one in three do not have a mob
 in terms of wireline and wireless broadband adoption. On wireline we used to d
tes of adoption: the high price of broadband services in Canada as our review o
 exceptions. The FCC’s analysis of broadband plans across 40 countries shows th
ies shows that prices for wireline broadband in Canada consistently fall on the
ta for a dozen and a half wireline broadband basket similarly confirms the case
ative price of Canadian fixed-wire broadband service from these [studies].” 152
 to base any revised idea of basic broadband service strictly on serious uses. 
at they should be doing with their broadband internet connections. 1534 The CRT
m, access to affordable high-speed broadband of between 25 and 30 megabits per 
ast, a floor associated with basic broadband put under them at say, 200 gigabyt
fter. 1546 As a general principle, broadband service should be differentiated b
age between, you know, funding for broadband and funding for the CBC. 1661 I me
parison. I mean talking access and broadband speeds and you’re using European c
n lives in three cities. 1671 Your broadband map that you released the other da
at struck me when I looked at your broadband map the other day, was -- I mean, 
out the -- I was saying about your broadband map. It's not that there are peopl
what are the -- if you look at the broadband map, basically you have -- you kno
 some of those areas, there are no broadband connexions. 1682 And you know -- y
 tests that can be used to measure broadband speed, analyze application perform
 over 50 different measurements of broadband performance such as congestion in 
erformance.cira.ca, to measure the broadband performance of Canadians and to th
Talk T.V. Survey -- the Let’s Talk Broadband Survey found that a representative
is the release last week about the broadband map. 1849 And one of the things th
lear, is what’s driving behind the broadband map. And so I think there is some 
rements for the FCC’s measuring of broadband America program and I’m ostensibly
