Displaying 63 of 63 matches:
ected up the local hospitals through fibre connections and allowed them to have
edical excellence through additional fibre connections. 16115 So through obtain
nsion of the network, because we put fibre to a specific hospital, that gave us
g you upgrade. 16162 We believe that fibre is the end game. We're not there. We
there. We watch cable operators push fibre deeper to nodes. The copper-based ne
 industry, everybody's trying to get fibre to their tower, same with mobility a
lity as well. 16163 So we're pushing fibre and fibre deeper into the network. H
ll. 16163 So we're pushing fibre and fibre deeper into the network. Having buil
 into the network. Having built that fibre networks, our experience is once you
 no question every customer who gets fibre to their home is a lucky customer. B
a lot of customers that are far from fibre and their needs are not being met at
SSIONER MOLNAR: So you are requiring fibre to every home? 16184 MR. PETRUK: I t
 MOLNAR: And if everybody could have fibre or even a DSL connection, great, but
folks, somehow you're extending your fibre to those folks, they are likely to b
rst step is not necessarily a direct fibre to the home connection. We’re extend
a step to ultimately get to a direct fibre connection. So with technologies lik
hard, when you, as Angela said, take fibre deeper. It might not be right to the
evel of service, whether they have a fibre connection or a copper-based solutio
 hope you continue to drive out your fibre as far as you can. 16205 One of the 
r networks, we see and we pushed out fibre to service small and smaller cluster
omething. He probably wouldn’t bring fibre to my home because I’m really remote
ut maybe there would be, you know, a fibre cabinet, fibre to the node system so
would be, you know, a fibre cabinet, fibre to the node system somewhere. And ju
skTel yesterday that they had done a fibre swap. If you go back to the Eastern 
any. So the power companies have got fibre all over the place. 16223 And I’m wo
d about the far north, we got to get fibre to the community in the far north. W
eas that we service, there’s already fibre to some part of that town on somebod
n rural areas. The reason is simple; fibre optic networks are expensive to buil
riately priced wireless backhaul and fibre optic Points of Presence. 16402 Spec
t of view. It's impossible to deploy fibre optics everywhere; it would be too c
pliers are certainly known. 16516 If fibre goes around you just take a walk and
, for instance, power companies with fibre along their main transmission lines,
lieve you’re right, there’s a lot of fibre in the ground that is un-thought of 
ere only to find out that that was a fibre regeneration pop. 16521 COMMISSIONER
price, if you think there’s only one fibre running into a community when in fac
ain, we tend to think of looking for fibre from telecom companies. We haven’t n
ly thought what are other sources of fibre out there. 16524 COMMISSIONER MacDON
t phase the backhaul. So a number of fibre pops throughout eastern Ontario were
s at which anyone could access those fibre pops. 16526 In that situation, we we
e to economically get access to that fibre and to internet transit. It also imp
and underserved. If they’ve put in a fibre pop in rural Ontario they’d like to 
e don’t know. You know, there may be fibre there in places -- or with companies
re a little bit about on the map the fibre accessibility or availability. I hav
the government. But they had all the fibre links mapped out from the telecoms a
s and all the utilities and also the fibre owned by the government. 16535 So th
es, I want everyone to know where my fibre is because how can they buy it if th
I don’t want anyone to know where my fibre is running because then someone may 
ing because then someone may cut the fibre and may choose to cut it going under
a concern that they had from all the fibre providers or owners. So I don’t have
g and managing a regional high-speed fibre optic network throughout the southea
f we were bringing service -- if our fibre network went by a small rural commun
 nothing. It’s that drastic. And the fibre cable’s going right by these communi
every fibre. We’re talking about one fibre maybe out of a bundle of 48. And we,
ble multi-gigabit speeds over hybrid fibre coax. High-throughput satellites, ne
ple, we built a tremendous amount of fibre in the Kootenay's -- to the previous
 year for their last mile in lieu of fibre to the home. 17497 So we think any o
ut it still needs to be connected to fibre in Cranbrook in order to get somewhe
rimary solution is transport and the fibre that will connect the wired, whether
only basis. We’ve looked at building fibre to Flin Flon. It’s $20 million to bu
Flin Flon. It’s $20 million to build fibre to Flin Flon, and we don’t really pa
y if you could figure out how to get fibre there. --- (LAUGHTER) 17535 MR. MEHR
 voice or wireless, and there’s also fibre builds. 17599 So I think the questio
 the wireline area and you build the fibre and you go the last mile in place, y
