Displaying 63 of 63 matches:
t hundreds of these communities with fibre and to extend broadband and other se
 head around that. Once you get some fibre to a community sometimes you can let
couple of other carriers, to build a fibre backbone across Newfoundland itself 
I'm only 5 kilometres away from your fibre run, well, there's a -- first a fixe
first a fixed cost to break into the fibre and then $40,000. So I'm at 200, may
ies to benefit from a transport or a fibre build for a transport network. And i
e you have experience with submarine fibre cabling and I believe you interconne
nd port there. So -- and they have a fibre line, you know, from Greenland -- yo
ith that, it might cost to connect a fibre -- submarine fibre line to -- I mean
cost to connect a fibre -- submarine fibre line to -- I mean, just your best gu
n, I don't know how much -- what the fibre count is on that cable off the top o
t where you can get access to a good fibre connection and build it so it's dist
 have significant repair issues. Our fibre between -- we have sort of double --
e've taken advantage of the SuperNet fibre that’s managed by Axia now in Albert
10 kilometres away from the Eastlink fibre and there’s 15 or 20 homes, well it’
cause a buried or an aerial plant of fibre tends to not need as much ongoing ma
ow, it’s kind of a benign thing, the fibre network, and then just let anybody o
ring what transport facilities, what fibre facilities are out there, or they ha
at’s interested in selling access to fibre routes, you know, across the country
mmunities and take advantage of that fibre backbone that was created. 18112 If 
h if you decided to, you know, build fibre on that model to some really remote 
 community size, distance from road, fibre trunk, et cetera, can be set to limi
n at the top. And there's the Arctic Fibre Project as well from Quintillion. 18
22 Each community that’s served with fibre reduces the need for capacity on the
 be about $100 million just to build fibre to Nunavut, to say nothing about bui
cause Turnbull doesn't want to build fibre to the town. 18268 As a result, they
ia because they don't want to deploy fibre anymore. So you have to look at that
 a community you can't really string fibre all the way there, unless there's co
ir own fibres. And you’ve heard that fibre is not really available, even though
se different VLANs, we use different fibre strands or whatever but we can make 
ce is more than willing to offer its fibre as backhaul. So the province ends up
he way up to the often underutilized fibre assets associated with optical groun
ory bodies to ensure the best use of fibre capable facilities, such as pipeline
cooperatively to build out municipal fibre for the public interest, many others
of -- just of what you know of where fibre connectivity may be associated with 
optical ground wire. So that is a 48 fibre bundle in the electrical protection 
u and they are deploying symmetrical fibre services to rural communities in Alb
onton, City of Calgary on, you know, fibre initiatives within the cities, mostl
ut a, either how can we leverage the fibre they’re investing in their infrastru
y been working on building an actual fibre and putting fibre in the ground as a
building an actual fibre and putting fibre in the ground as a partner with the 
 of another thing. There’s municipal fibre everywhere too, right, that is used 
d at the City of Calgary’s municipal fibre map, I mistakenly thought I was look
pabilities of the fibre. Because the fibre is not expensive. It’s in placing it
vide service providers access to its fibre network? 18448 MR. WINSOR: They do. 
rcity and abundance. The capacity of fibre trunks is tremendous. On a single pa
ability once you can get access to a fibre trunk is tremendous. 18490 Now, hist
ut there is tremendous capacity on a fibre trunk and to have four or five of th
agreed to be too high. 18493 There’s fibre in various places that we’re not usi
ople of myself standing next to five fibre trunks all in the same ditch outside
incial meeting and we talk about the fibre opportunities in the province, we co
hings come online then we don’t need fibre in the ground anymore. 18508 We some
uperNet to private sector, you know, fibre deployments to satellites coming onl
ng if we can access the transmission fibre or every time they put a pipeline in
munity across this country can bring fibre to the small communities. 18515 Like
rea network, where there already was fibre from carriers such as Bell or Telus,
ch as Bell or Telus, and then to put fibre extensions in to form the complete n
with any rights to that base area of fibre at the end of the contract. So come 
o replace that. 18587 Where there is fibre that’s been built with public dollar
public dollars, we believe that that fibre should be accessible and part of bui
e heard others talking about putting fibre on poles. I'm not talking about pole
 We’re talking here about the actual fibre bundle in the transmission system. A
nd distribution system, we can carry fibre as we build, that's not going to hap
