Displaying 116 of 116 matches:
need to be taken to catch up. 7012 Broadband internet services must be defined 
ss by persons with disabilities to broadband internet connectivity, which has b
ts, for the majority of Canadians, broadband connectivity has become a basic ne
nize this reality by reclassifying broadband or high speed access as a basic se
d opportunity in 2011 by excluding broadband from the basic services framework.
ordability of quality fixed mobile broadband access on which they depend to par
lity of access to fixed and mobile broadband services and the need for deployin
ies in this proceeding to redefine broadband and basic service were already evi
ork. 7195 Today, five years later, broadband access and mobile networks have be
es. 7205 We submit that redefining broadband access, regardless of the technolo
he CRTC should continue to exclude broadband from the basic service regime, the
l legal reforms such as redefining broadband access as a basic service will not
dominate Canada’s fixed and mobile broadband markets, have submitted any argume
we urge the Commission to redefine broadband high-speed access as a basic servi
 disabilities increasingly rely on broadband internet access via fixed and mobi
s estimate includes not only fixed broadband access, but also mobile. 7223 Obvi
. 7223 Obviously, including mobile broadband will mean larger commitments will 
th including both fixed and mobile broadband access in the basic services frame
ications applications that require broadband internet connectivity. 7229 MS. KI
ely, the range of fixed and mobile broadband services on offer are not sufficie
e availability of fixed and mobile broadband networks that are able to deliver 
ncreasingly reliable and symmetric broadband connections. 7246 It is important 
ll now hear the presentation of BC Broadband Association. Please introduce your
len. I’m the President of the B.C. Broadband Association, which is a Western Ca
 the board of directors for the BC Broadband Association, and the President of 
resentation by stating that the BC Broadband Association does not support a sub
ices to achieve Canada’s goals for broadband connectivity. The B.C. Broadband A
r broadband connectivity. The B.C. Broadband Association supports the model of 
ttle bit of background on the B.C. Broadband Association. We have most of our m
 many member companies of the B.C. Broadband Association. 7411 And through that
Commission for listening to the BC Broadband Association and for conducting thi
lthy marketplace which has brought broadband service to rural Canada fairly cos
c participation and the importance broadband will play in Canada’s future econo
f-evident truth. Today, in Canada, broadband is vital. 7565 Dictionaries define
e capacity to deal with the unique broadband challenge facing the north. 7572 A
h. 7572 As a result, for instance, broadband capacity used for Government of Nu
lear way forward. 7573 The Nunavut Broadband Development Corporation advanced t
be one point of contact for Arctic broadband policy pointing out that the Canad
an governance model is unclear. On broadband matters they have had to deal with
d and coordinate a coherent Arctic broadband strategy to chart a clear way forw
ay forward. They pointed to a 2012 broadband report of the International Teleco
wn lack of capacity to address the broadband needs of their local residents, bu
s sometimes with the deployment of broadband connectivity and meeting the expec
ou can see, the acknowledgement of broadband being vital to economic, social, d
es, including geographic access to broadband connectivity; that is, the actual 
vity; that is, the actual reach of broadband over the entire Canadian territory
hnological attributes of access to broadband connectivity; that is, the kind of
at is, the kind of characteristics broadband should have in terms of speed and 
ter, et cetera. Economic access to broadband connectivity, including, in its mo
f unaffordability. Skill access to broadband connectivity, including issues of 
s Canada currently have a national broadband strategy? 7590 Un fonctionnaire m’
rms define priorities. I note that broadband deployment and the issue of nation
issue of national -- of a national broadband strategy got very little, if any, 
e, no policy direction specific to broadband has been issued by the government 
 him to: 7601 “Increase high-speed broadband coverage and work to support compe
ment has also proposed funding for broadband in its most recent budget. That be
ar to be tied to a clear policy on broadband and its deployment in Canada. 7603
reate together a coherent national broadband strategy through an open and trans
 by without a more robust Canadian broadband strategy means a Canadian who is s
 by without a more robust Canadian broadband strategy means many regions in thi
 by without a more robust Canadian broadband strategy means Canada is competiti
es in this proceeding our Canadian broadband garden. 7616 To be clear, while th
g to support the cost of deploying broadband to the Island residents? 7666 MR. 
we heard from the British Columbia Broadband Association and they indicated tha
 areas are supposedly connected to broadband internet as defined, and I can con
ming in to bring in -- such as the Broadband B.C. Association companies. But th
ssible with access to high quality broadband at reasonable rates. 7821 Chairman
ty, affordability, and adoption of broadband internet service in Canada. Third,
ther developed countries, Canada’s broadband performance is remarkable, despite
 population density. 7824 Canada’s broadband penetration is among the highest i
ed in Figure 1. 7826 DR. CRANDALL: Broadband speeds in Canada have also increas
ly. The growth and availability of broadband access at 100 megabits per second 
 MR. WOODHEAD: TELUS proposes that broadband internet at 5 megabits per second 
ducts. 7832 DR. CRANDALL: Canadian broadband prices are low to moderate by inte
ment. 7833 The FCC’s International Broadband Report shows that the price per me
he price per megabit per second of broadband download speed for standalone broa
band download speed for standalone broadband service declined in Canada from $6
stomers have difficulty paying for broadband services, just as they have a prob
also address other key barriers to broadband adoption by providing qualifying h
uding TELUS. 7838 Having access to broadband and actually using it are two diff
cent of Canadian households have a broadband connection available to them only 
cent of Canadian households have a broadband subscription. It is this 17 percen
to adoption. Lowering the price of broadband will not, on its own, increase ado
s refrain from unbundling Canadian broadband networks. Multi-country empirical 
d platform competition have higher broadband adoption than jurisdictions that e
sidy schemes advocate programs for broadband expansion that are unnecessary, ar
 program? 7843 With respect to the broadband deployment subsidy, Mr. Sepulveda 
ar proportion of revenues on a new broadband deployment subsidy. In fact, the e
 that its policies have suppressed broadband investment, greatly impeding the a
 one provider per country for each broadband service and thus not representativ
has achieved a remarkable level of broadband performance despite geographical c
uation of Canada’s strong relative broadband performance depends on maintaining
ent that there are challenges with broadband availability, affordability or ado
ndations. 7859 Continue to monitor broadband availability to support other gove
y limiting mandatory unbundling of broadband networks and thirdly, but in some 
t there is a lot of success in the broadband performance and hopefully you woul
you say if we were talking about a broadband strategy that we should be conside
that should really be a focus of a broadband strategy. 7876 And we’re not talki
al strategy, we’re talking about a broadband strategy, so if you think of somet
 level that we've talked about for broadband anyway, I am unaware of, frankly, 
ened to a public authority funding broadband expansion to set all sorts of spec
gree the evidence leads us to some broadband QoS regime. 8000 COMMISSIONER MOLN
ow, Xplornet’s using LTE, the B.C. Broadband Association has partners that are 
g LTE. Do you use LTE to serve any broadband customers, particularly broadband?
vice. And Canadians want universal broadband service. And if there’s a technolo
d technology? If you’re creating a broadband strategy, would it make sense -- I
gital literacy, for signing up for broadband at lower prices. It might involve 
f the questions we have here is if broadband is unaffordable to a segment of Ca
he market who have challenges with broadband and the prices of broadband and da
s with broadband and the prices of broadband and data usage caps and all that, 
 understanding the complexities of broadband service. And there are, because yo
R MOLNAR: --- goal of looking at a broadband strategy, so I am also going to as
se me, if we want to include basic broadband as a basic telecommunication servi
set out some prices of residential broadband internet access services. Granted,
tion, our view and my view is that broadband actually -- the state of broadband
broadband actually -- the state of broadband in this country, is quite good and
