Displaying 210 of 210 matches:
ic service, for example, or for the service improvement plans for telephone ser
ice improvement plans for telephone service providers. 13 It was also through t
the use by major telecommunications service providers of deferral accounts to e
portunities due to slower speeds or service interruptions and frustration with 
escribed in our intervention, basic service has been a moving target, reflectin
ovide subsidy support for broadband service and for transport connectivity in h
 the broadband subsidy. Access to a service is not enough if the service is not
s to a service is not enough if the service is not affordable. 78 Yukon has con
address the provision of comparable service at comparable prices throughout the
dband expressed the view that their service might even be slightly more expensi
 remote communities, stop using the service when the usage cap is reached. The 
effectively just part-time internet service for those customers. 82 Yukon's pre
, affordable and reliable broadband service without subsidy support. In this re
d users, reliability means that the service works and is available when they ne
lems for Northern users can include service quality, capacity and up-time perfo
t the impact of under-investment on service quality and reliability led to the 
s would remain a barrier to improve service in Northern communities, even after
s in many communities to comparable service at comparable prices. The other is 
en adapted to allow for alternative service providers. 95 Consultative: Incorpo
corporating a process which engages service providers, governments and user nee
d implementing subsidy programs for service and transport infrastructure -- for
ort infrastructure -- for broadband service and transport infrastructure can ad
sion to re-regulate retail internet service in Yukon, and it is our view that c
will be required of the investment, service levels, and prices in the Yukon bro
o enable the provision of broadband service in rural and remote communities in 
ally looking at providing broadband service ourselves, and those would be the c
e considerations, I expect that the service providers would look at themselves.
sions in terms of the regular basic service in the North; that we acknowledge i
e traditional approach to the basic service obligation to something that might 
 offer, it’s -- the obligation, the service obligation is satisfied. It is sati
 caps, it’s probably not comparable service even if the -- if the prices are co
keeping in mind the objectives, the service -- the standards, the service objec
, the service -- the standards, the service objectives, and as we have suggeste
t of -- evolving concept of a basic service obligation. 200 I think that if the
speed, data caps, usage, quality of service from, you know, lost packets to jit
ucial for them to have the reliable service and access to service that negates 
 the reliable service and access to service that negates the distance and remot
in mind the critical impact of that service on those businesses. 231 THE CHAIRP
other territories that they need to service in terms of SLAs and those types of
g able to provide the same level of service to communities that are remote. 245
nsport facilities. Are you aware of service providers other than NorthwestTel, 
In your view, how important is this service to residents and businesses in Yuko
umably have to be obtained from the service provider what is your -- what are t
 of whether they are happy with the service that's being provided, given the us
itter, packet loss or other quality service indicators? Is that something we sh
advantaged if their expectations of service were not met as to the degree of la
anadians in the same way that basic service does. Those considerations were not
 provide broadband service. 357 The service is slow and expensive compared to s
iple that broadband is an essential service for which recurring funding is avai
lephone service. Wireline telephone service is also essential in Nunavik. 369 T
oadband report, notes that wireline service continues to be used very heavily i
n, Nunacell, which offered cellular service in several communities up until 201
h the interconnection between their service and the wireline service due to the
ween their service and the wireline service due to the age of the wireline tele
Bell on improvements for a wireline service as long as the collaboration of tha
n supporting locally-owned internet service providers, especially in Aboriginal
thorities in advance of any planned service impacting event or provide an escal
ion and accountability aside, basic service obligation for a wireline telephone
at broadband and wireline telephone service should be considered as distinct se
rvices and not rolled into a single service obligation. In Nunavik, the ILEC is
ntinue providing wireline telephone service and the KRG is best positioned to c
 and back-configure to develop your service plans and pricing. So where are you
 service, and I’m speaking internet service now, that are available to your cit
operational revenue of the internet service is also contributing a small amount
RG, and 4 million from the internet service budget. 399 COMMISSIONER MULNAR: Fo
hose are the plans you provide, the service you provide to your end customers? 
ially break even. So we operate our service at a non-profit and we have to try 
 -- that’s the current price of our service and we’ve committed to not raising 
rational target, how do you see the service that you maybe not deliver today bu
iability and in terms of quality of service is important for us, because then t
ss what is reasonable as it regards service delivery, and price, and quality, a
ou know, relying on the word of the service provider. You have to look at, you 
not being integrated with the voice service because when you have an issue you 
been some suggestions about a basic service to provide an entry-level affordabi
rovide an entry-level affordability service across all territories. 558 I wonde
se families that can’t afford their service to make it more affordable and more
hey would pay for the same level of service down south. So a basic plan. I don’
ms in order to make the cost of its service more affordable. 579 It indicated t
sed local and regional First Nation service providers concentrated in rural and
 local and regional community-based service providers to access funding to supp
or they can lease their networks to service providers. Otherwise, residents hav
nd we also provide our own cellular service to 20 communities. We are part of a
int venture that provides satellite service with other Indigenous organizations
cians; they’re network technicians, service technicians, sales people, and they
nnectivity remains unaffordable and service quality deteriorates as I’ve seen i
efined as a basic telecommunication service or if you wished to retain the curr
 of sort of basic telecommunication service as well as broadband. We saw that h
 provide these, would incur a basic service obligation where we’re trying to fi
de the expanded definition of basic service that could be adopted.” So we’re --
t Xplornet, who have said the basic service today is met, 25-1 is coming soon, 
uvelle leur pack(Ph), donc c’est un service qui est je dirais de base, mais qui
ere’s people on the ground that can service an area that goes down a home or go
 local ISP and K-Net to provide our service to their buildings just because the
 technical -- have provided the ISP service within their communities when the e
 the range is wide. 942 And for the service we offer, it all depends on the lev
MR. WHITEDUCK: Or provide equitable service to everybody. 948 COMMISSIONER VENN
y’ve expanded into different public service provision, human resources et ceter
n the Website right now for a large service provider in the country who will re
0 Megs up. 1051 And this is a basic service here and we’re trying to determine 
 I don’t have any worries about the service providers who take advantage of the
a month. 1070 And unfortunately 5-1 service to me is the dial-up of the 21st ce
ross the country where the internet service is not very good, we have to send t
 big files. And unfortunately their service is actually -- they’re below 25-1 i
ticipating any additional fees from service providers being levied on the end-u
n at least build a network that any service provider could use and bill the cus
ither independent or already larger service providers, will maybe be much more 
uch more reasonable than what these service providers can get from the incumben
 which negotiates together with the service providers the same way the Canadian
ll have spots in the city where the service is underserved and where a need for
ment between the contractor and the service provider and suddenly they found th
 they found they have absolutely no service whatsoever. 1088 COMMISSIONER MacDO
h if you have that on your internet service would be pretty good. And this was 
community has decent internet, if a service provider already -- a last-mile own
he area and is already offering the service that’s needed, we don’t really need
d start building in areas where the service is severely lacking and get -- just
ing up the north they would get the service and we’d find a way to cut the cost
es to work a bit to get the kind of service that maybe for a very long time the
n able to receive from the existing service providers or last-mile owners. 1119
’s going to be some spots where the service may be adequate and where it doesn’
they would have to at least provide service to the areas that actually really n
or leasing the network to the other service providers. 1128 There’s also the po
alities working together to provide service to an entire area including the int
 and then you lease that out to any service provider who wants to deliver servi
ut they couldn’t sell it to another service provider. 1132 MR. CARON: Yeah. 113
acDONALD: Sorry, telecommunications service providers. 1138 MR. CARON: Okay. 11
ing down the doors of some of those service providers. So if they’re not allowe
nity could to sell to the transport service providers under the condition that 
transport -- the telecommunications service providers also lease access to thei
e access to their networks to other service providers. 1141 CHAIRPERSON MacDONA
e their fibre access to third-party service providers and then the Bell actuall
ea for saying that, okay, if it’s a service provider, if it’s a company that al
ng access to their network to other service providers, they can also use the co
, they can also use the community’s service -- the community’s network to deliv
 supported housing throughout their service territory. 1168 If service provider
ut their service territory. 1168 If service providers are already taking these 
ates there, so right now, wire line service and such, the traditional one, the 
bout if you have the right Internet service plan to make it work. 1176 So I see
don't see it. I mean, if you need a service you just Google it. 1185 MR. MacDON
e've asked you to redraft the basic service objective to place broadband access
 it compares with the current basic service objective. 1207 But it amounts to m
ing individual line local broadband service and capability to connect to the in
estion, I think. 1209 The old basic service objective was very clear on the cap
th no more than has to be. Internet service is a connectivity service delivered
 Internet service is a connectivity service delivered over broadband access. In
t. 1211 We think that both internet service and broadband access are required t
s at the heart of the current basic service objective, and as you said last Jul
eally mean that a monopoly internet service provider ought to be locked in, or 
ance regime is older than the basic service objective. So we have two suggestio
ustomers would phone us, ask us for service and we’d call them back a couple da
ou make a request to the underlying service provider within that, I’ll use the 
 “Yes, we can certainly provide you service there”. We can say, “Yes, I think t
ht to be able to rely on the retail service delivered over broadband access to 
of way of trying to meet this basic service objective. 1301 But certainly when 
kSavvy customers that voice over IP service does not run over the internet, but
ll home phone. It’s simply a resale service that we -- that we have and there’s
 towards voice as part of the basic service objective, but work towards the und
n I guess what I’d say is any basic service objective clearly that we propose t
as opposites. 1316 I see voice as a service that’s increasingly delivered over 
” (As read) 1322 If this is a basic service objective for Canadians, for consum
livers it. 1326 It’s reliable voice service and not being locked into that one 
eason to also want to sell internet service over it. 1329 And so it would be pr
ody else wanted to provide a retail service there either, then I think we might
t to make sense to create the basic service objective for tomorrow saying that,
oadband -- the basic, I should say, service objective is implemented, that that
 Internet access and that broadband service or of having competition for that I
 if Internet access is an essential service or the kind of basic service that s
ential service or the kind of basic service that should be included in the basi
hat should be included in the basic service objective that having unregulated r
t enable a vertical monopoly on the service side as well. 1363 COMMISSIONER MOL
very careful in defining your basic service objective to not identify a speed o
 years to come. But where the basic service objective is currently not met; in 
 into inserting that into the basic service objective in a way that it wasn't d
timately the speed will be what the service provider decides that they are able
hat would be a minimum speed that a service provider getting access to the broa
 requirement to define the Internet service that somebody would receive. You kn
e to redefine the core of the basic service objective that's to be met in terms
pe that at the end that a different service provider will be in a position to m
d to offer an extremely low latency service at a much higher price over that in
hen you have competition, different service providers can come in and allow con
 to decide how fast, you know, what service you need and so on. 1416 I had to m
e were to define some kind of basic service that had some kind -- those element
1 We want to provide a good quality service at a reasonable rate. 1452 And so, 
on is try to deliver a good quality service at as reasonable a rate as we can. 
 of it through the contributions of service providers using that Section 46.5 p
 100 years how to achieve universal service and they've relied on a variety of 
 1492 In an all-IP world, universal service can build on this track record by n
 concept of broadband nor universal service is static. Both must be continuousl
milar course by expanding universal service to include, at a minimum, access to
s support the adoption of universal service policies: economic benefits for ind
size-fits-all approach to universal service policies. Most countries do not leg
ce of Canadian fixed-wire broadband service from these [studies].” 1525 This cr
528 When determining what levels of service should be available to everyone, we
any revised idea of basic broadband service strictly on serious uses. But we sh
actors. And a 5 megabits per second service might be technically capable of sup
ssion should expand universal basic service to include, at a minimum, access to
6 As a general principle, broadband service should be differentiated by speed, 
estion is always whether or not the service is affordable. And once people have
dy has to have, you know, a gigabit service or 100 megs to the home or even 50 
he addition of want as a subsidized service rather than something you can acces
tion for an immediate 5 and 1 basic service objective and with 25 megs by 2020?
’ suggestion for an immediate basic service objective of 5 and 1 mandated, with
That could cause prices of the base service to increase, however. 1731 MR. WINS
do videoconferencing, yet our basic service obligation for telephony, voice tel
hopefully be of benefit to internet service providers who are trying to say tha
 inside a carrier and -- a telecomm service provider, is a different metrics th
etwork boundary of the ISP they buy service from and into the internet. 1862 Th
. 1890 And I think a basic telecomm service should have -- a basic internet acc
et is both, so monitoring the basic service should be V6. 1891 COMMISSIONER MOL
 you work closely with the internet service providers? 1906 Just wondering abou
ate their options for providing new service via ISPs and evaluate that service.
