Displaying 114 of 114 matches:
 call new basic infrastructure. It’s fibre as infrastructure in its own right. 
d, telephone, TV, radio from the new fibre and wireless infrastructure. Secondl
e the new sector alternative in both fibre and wireless infrastructure and in w
 using access to new infrastructure, fibre and towers. Fulfil obligations on co
ector would create these open access fibre grids and towers deployed within the
s quite clear. The focus would be on fibre and wireless. Copper would not get a
elco’s know that because they put in fibre to replace the copper. It’s just whe
p new regulatory recognition of this fibre infrastructure sector. It would be -
ents to the business. We look at the fibre infrastructure business as two piece
company called Axia Connect, it does fibre to the premise within the communitie
ght now. 10613 So this second one is fibre to the premise and the first is the 
 interconnect grid. You can't do the fibre to the premise as an independent wit
e way of services? Is it a pure dark fibre play? Are you simply providing wave-
ve-length services? Have you lit the fibre and you're providing ethernet servic
damentally, we're willing to do dark fibre but the marketplace hasn’t advanced 
we're only in fibre, so we only have fibre infrastructure, our fundamental diff
at's the technology character of the fibre infrastructure. 10625 And 25 megs --
e need? We would say, if you can get fibre infrastructure within the same month
e can see that work. If we can't see fibre working, it doesn’t help us to reduc
t capacity because we're only in the fibre business in the first place. 10630 C
 mean, obviously the capabilities of fibre are limitless, but the same isn't al
ttribute is because it's 100 percent fibre network and it's why the progressive
 world are saying, "If I can get the fibre to replace the old copper, then I ha
 history of this debate has been the fibre is way more money. That's been the h
so I can transform the old copper to fibre within the current ARPU spend of the
hings. We go right to the core basic fibre infrastructure and light it up for d
 suggesting -- and I understand that fibre can do that, and I certainly underst
-proof. It isn’t more expensive on a fibre network to have synchronous. In our 
ntally compromised technically; on a fibre grid it’s not. So build it in. 10645
ith that figure. But is a full-scale fibre deployment across the country realis
 would that into two categories. The fibre grid between the communities, one ca
 road to the community socially. The fibre is less than all that. 10647 So if t
urns loose the wireless guys and the fibre to the premise guys, so it’s a combi
combination of the two. You take the fibre as far as it can go economically and
 performing if they’re backhauled on fibre than if they’re on copper or wireles
s a community to elect whether to go fibre to their premise or not. 10650 So I’
where else in Canada. They have that fibre backhaul grid. 10651 The fibre to th
 that fibre backhaul grid. 10651 The fibre to the premise piece, you let that w
h and small. How does it pay for the fibre from Edmonton to that community? Nor
ed, set a framework which allows the fibre to the premise and the wireless guys
nt wouldn’t be called upon to fund a fibre link between Toronto and Montreal wh
e providers already have built those fibre links. 10662 MR. PRICE: (Inaudible) 
ICE: Right? So if it’s a proprietary fibre grid that’s not available to indepen
ailable or, like, literally we built fibre links because otherwise the market w
would say 99 times out of 100 if the fibre exists then it’s not. No support is 
No support is needed. It’s where the fibre does not exist. 10668 COMMISSIONER M
 community that microwave looks like fibre because that’s the size of that comm
communities and getting them on to a fibre grid at a rate card that does not de
munity away and get them access to a fibre grid rate card. 10681 I would say th
from going in and building their own fibre transport or tower infrastructure? A
elco has the opportunity to use that fibre and, after all, the Telco builds its
 after all, the Telco builds its own fibre in the big cities so they recognize 
n’t that copper turned off when that fibre is better? 10708 Like, in Alberta I’
pilot we’re talking about is for the fibre to the premise within the community,
you don’t have to look for where the fibre interconnects the community in the f
d Axia. 10721 So you can see how the fibre to the premise local access piece wo
to fibre; and they way we’ll move to fibre is we’ll create a framework under wh
ework under which people can propose fibre in a local region, a town, a departm
e of it. It’s all fibre. There’s the fibre map; there’s the coverage; you drew 
 this saying, “This department wants fibre here.” We bid a rate -- we don’t bid
e. 10746 So in your context I’ll use fibre to their premise in France is 13 eur
e local community says, “I want this fibre infrastructure.” They don’t have to 
the local government level have this fibre infrastructure, then do it under thi
oduct and --- 10766 MR. PRICE: Other fibre providers? 10767 COMMISSIONER VENNAR
, what happens is somebody wins this fibre footprint --- 10769 COMMISSIONER VEN
ever, and down here is discretionary fibre money. 10781 COMMISSIONER VENNARD: O
ets and the capital markets will bet fibre infrastructure money under a framewo
of the satellite being equivalent to fibre and this model being able to be used
r whatever reason to have access for fibre why not? 10813 COMMISSIONER VENNARD:
ARD: Yeah. 10820 MR. PRICE: But take fibre as far as it can go. It’s a 40-year 
s where there’s the Mackenzie Valley Fibre project something like this could ha
ICE: As soon as the Mackenzie Valley Fibre project is in. 10823 COMMISSIONER VE
e this other framework. Local access fibre on the ground is it economic in its 
ARD: Right. 10832 MR. PRICE: If that fibre backhaul is in somebody else’s hands
hing. 10844 MR. PRICE: Yeah. But the fibre to the premise piece doesn’t require
s say a third of the communities get fibre to the premise without any financial
ng here is not financial support for fibre to the premise. We’re saying a frame
’re saying a framework that allows a fibre to the premise investment, that inve
d network is built. There’s a lot of fibre transport out there. 10858 How do we
ory approach to access to incumbents fibre in Canada it’s never been aggressive
e super net model together we bought fibre from the incumbents. We purchased it
e, eight strands there. The power of fibre is that’s enough. You don’t need it 
franchise it and then they will sell fibre to it if the party has the capacity 
ing, then they thought, you know, my fibre isn’t going to be worth very much if
of the business opportunity to build fibre to the prem in these communities tha
our world but it is irrelevant. It’s fibre plus wireless so how do you -- since
 wireless so how do you -- since the fibre is not there, the fibre I’m talking 
-- since the fibre is not there, the fibre I’m talking about doesn’t exist righ
 You can create a framework for that fibre that does not exist. It’s not interf
t framework. Whoever invests in that fibre infrastructure under that framework 
h over there but there’s very little fibre to the premise actually there. 10955
ually there. 10955 And the future is fibre premise plus wireless. Wireless isn’
in the old framework. So get the new fibre infrastructure under a new regulator
a has with our provincial government fibre back home. 11131 I think the recentl
t in a real way. 11202 You know, the fibre optic backbone in Alberta has provid
iver the service. We’re looking into fibre into smaller communities to offload 
implications are to getting into the fibre market. You know, we almost need a m
variance in the pricing of access to fibre backhaul depending on a member’s geo
; cost-effective access to broadband fibre transport facilities; and contributi
 market prices for both lit and dark fibre facilities in various fully competit
tual, present-day costs to provision fibre backhaul over 8.5 kilometres and bui
onable, especially when you’ve got a fibre built in there that -- and the dista
ss it’s considerably bigger; if it’s fibre it’s relatively nothing; coaxial in 
ow a wireline solution, especially a fibre one. 11361 COMMISSIONER MENZIES: Oka
 think you mentioned dark fibre, the fibre Ethernet transport, IXPL, or everyth
 was more of an opportunity to bring fibre into the community itself. I just wa
them in bigger bandwidth and through fibre to the home. 11477 COMMISSIONER MOLN
ooking at upgrading from wireless to fibre -- fibre-coax? 11482 MR. FIORINI: Ye
we’re talking about some essentially fibre -- I mean that’s what we’re talking 
an that’s what we’re talking here -- fibre transport -- is there any reason to 
g area. 11537 Toronto is filled with fibre providers. The Kawartha Lakes is ---
lectronics on there, the cost of the fibre that’s standard. They don’t charge d
ER MOLNAR: -- one of the promises of fibre is it is scalable and future-proof. 
a street with 25 houses down and our fibre goes right by it. There’s an opportu
