Displaying 103 of 103 matches:
 examined basic telecommunications services for the first time in 1999, and th
g in a digital age in which online services and wireless communications are an
to extend their broadband internet services to a greater number of rural and r
e what level of telecommunications services could be deemed to be basic servic
deemed to be basic services, basic services that Canadians should be reasonabl
uality and capabilities of telecom services available to isolated Yukoners and
Canadian’s should not pay more for services of lower quality or capability tha
uld pay similar prices for similar services and some northern residents, recog
ansparent proposals for subsidized services can be considered on a community b
 recent fibre outage that impacted services throughout the North adversely aff
al economy: 99 - First, high-speed services are not universally available; 100
ave access to comparable broadband services at comparable prices. Universal br
t's say in a household, the likely services or applications that they would be
applications -- look at what those services and applications require in terms 
tal, in a museum, is part of basic services -- are you? 145 MR. PRATT: Not par
? 145 MR. PRATT: Not part of basic services but when we’re talking about the u
you think that satellite delivered services are still likely to be in use in w
one should have access to the same services within reason at the same prices, 
idy to support access to broadband services by low income households. Others h
t of a package for basic broadband services at a price and we wanted to see yo
o the question of affordability of services I take it is something that provin
bers, for instance, for government services right now? 277 MR. PRATT: I think 
esponsible for providing broadband services directly to residents, businesses 
 responsible for delivering public services in Nunavik, which encompasses all 
-determination and equal access to services available to all Canadians. 354 Te
e communities force us to sell our services at very high prices. 364 And so wi
e should be considered as distinct services and not rolled into a single servi
ill be needed to provide broadband services at a reasonable cost, especially f
ust by getting a good sense of the services that are currently available in yo
port network. We provide broadband services that are 1.5 megabits download and
nt. We have -- we offer a range of services that go from residential grade to,
d capacity for satellite transport services used in order to provide broadband
rder to provide broadband internet services in your serving territory? Thank y
ders and not just consumers of the services and infrastructures that make up t
vision of modern telecommunication services by funding capital infrastructure 
n of a northern infrastructure and services fund, NISF. 620 NISF support would
n and operations of facilities and services in the north. The regions eligible
Residents can operate networks and services such as internet, voice-over IP ph
Penny Carpenter, director of K.NET Services in Northwestern Ontario. 627 MS. C
ntioned, I am the Manager of K.NET Services located in Sioux Lookout, Ontario.
ent, maintenance and operations of services including satellite (inaudible), d
ation community to deliver its own services including our staff located in Sio
ies’ development requirements. Our services are being deployed to overcome bar
 crisis by delivering telemedicine services and other E-health services to the
dicine services and other E-health services to the community. 633 Our services
services to the community. 633 Our services also include a centralized IT help
we are currently using for justice services that link remote communities to th
videoconferencing, promoting these services in the communities and with govern
ate, and sustain telecommunication services on their traditional territories. 
ed the Northern Infrastructure and Services Fund. 640 Now Mark will speak. 671
. 677 You’ve heard about essential services such as telemedicine; telehealth; 
hat can’t afford to do some of the services to the extent they would like. 682
 I mean we sort of jumped from the services to the affordability. 718 Just com
ility. 718 Just coming back to the services and the reference to data caps, I 
ility for providing facilities and services wherever possible. And there isn't
vision of basic telecommunications services and whether or not digital literac
 were asking that voice as in VoIP services be available as or defined as a ba
tion plus the addition of internet services as you define them. So is it both 
ded as you are asking and internet services were available as they are, would 
of the Northern Infrastructure and Services Fund, I think that one of the key 
mpact the availability of internet services to the communities you’re speaking
So the Northern infrastructure and services fund approach that we’re recommend
dustry that they may be purchasing services from. So the reason why we foregro
rta, various others, the Technical Services Advisory Group in Alberta. 965 And
They’ve also expanded the range of services to video-conferencing networks, yo
 things. So their applications and services have expanded. 968 But at the same
uld participate in providing those services among others. So that’s the model 
o when the subject of B.C. Telecom Services came up, I decided once again to p
echnologies such as cable and Coax services can’t keep pace or aren’t viable, 
ey really would like to see better services or at least something a little bit
rnet speed so they could get their services -- their daily lives going. 1099 A
099 Already most of the government services that we have are already available
vice provider who wants to deliver services to the individual customers. 1129 
o be able to access the government services that actually allow them to keep l
es our internet protocol and voice services networks, plans and delivers netwo
transport facilities and providing services that they support, is at the core 
ot to draw lines to identify which services are basic as opposed to enhanced s
ices. It's to identify which basic services are so important and so scarce tha
 1214 “Wholesale high-speed access services may be used to offer a variety of 
s services. Retail internet access services permit users to access a wide vari
 users to access a wide variety of services including email, the web, audio, a
an interconnect and offer internet services over it. There is no technical rea
ision last July, that’s one of the services that can be delivered as opposed t
h all consumers have the essential services that we decide it’s essential for 
 creation -- the delivery of those services to them. 1324 In other words, I do
etplace of folks who are providing services over the broadband access. 1340 CO
m perhaps they would let you offer services to their communities too. Have you
bility to use the applications and services that are prevalent at the time. 13
o the cloud and different types of services like that, then it helps us perhap
efining service, creating portable services and so on. But there has been a lo
esale rates. We're able to deliver services that we think are of good quality 
andards. 1487 Your review of basic services offers a valuable opportunity to r
ght of emergent telecommunications services and people's needs. 1495 When Veri
he more people use it and the more services that are supported; also mitigates
 and access to information, health services and education. 1498 The pursuit of
ption: the high price of broadband services in Canada as our review of the lat
RTC itself identifies a variety of services that already require more than tod
event them from fully enjoying the services that they pay for. 1539 Data caps 
ss their preferences for lower-end services and higher -- you know, versus hig
vices. Most Canadians access these services at high speeds. 1615 So a lot of t
ween the costs of -- the prices of services in Canada, all right, and prices t
rent records. And one of the other services that M-Lab provides is a query lan
and change in the landscape on how services are sold. So there's lessons learn
