Displaying 168 of 168 matches:
communities in our ridings have no broadband internet whatsoever, and many do n
 the effort around this Let’s Talk Broadband hearing. 11696 It’s an important c
that threshold question of whether broadband access ought to be included in the
y need to do in order to encourage broadband rollout, that's great. 11752 But I
deal to ensure the availability of broadband services in some places. We're now
ket forces have worked to engender broadband rollout and how market forces have
cerns surrounding the provision of broadband internet access in this area are q
 For example, from the CRTC’s only broadband internet service coverage map the 
 your call for input on a National Broadband Strategy. 11972 Having reviewed th
viewed the reports of the National Broadband Task Force and Telecom Policy Revi
om Policy Review Panel, a National Broadband Strategy should be framed by key p
sic telecom service should include broadband internet. 11975 Rogers recommends 
c telecom service should include a broadband internet service that provides a c
megabit per second upload. 11976 A broadband connection of five and one is suff
ll at less than one megabit. 11978 Broadband internet service will continue to 
ecom services redefined to include broadband internet are broadly available in 
o improving access to high quality broadband internet in rural and remote commu
ty and lower the price of advanced broadband internet service across Canada. Th
summarize, Canada’s achievement in broadband coverage is the result of competit
extent possible. Canada’s National Broadband Strategy should continue to be bas
try-funded subsidies for extending broadband internet service without knowing w
 extraordinary value from a single broadband connection that they can use to en
nd greater value across a range of broadband service tiers. Rogers’ 5 and 1 meg
ice tiers. Rogers’ 5 and 1 megabit broadband service costs $33 a month includin
 similarly affordably-priced basic broadband service tiers. 11995 Competitive m
aordinary step of regulating basic broadband internet service prices or package
income households when it comes to broadband internet. Rogers is well aware tha
ds are less likely to subscribe to broadband internet service. Social assistanc
sing organizations to subscribe to broadband internet service for $9.99 per mon
y surveys have found; the price of broadband internet service is not the only b
lity and adoption of telephone and broadband internet services. This performanc
nput to, and promoting, a National Broadband Strategy. Such a strategy would ta
ion of basic service that includes broadband and future targets for broadband s
s broadband and future targets for broadband service, as well as information co
r more granular. 12022 So National Broadband Strategy, you’ve outlined these pr
 our approach here is the National Broadband Task Force, before that, even the 
secondly, because when you provide broadband service, we think you would also b
se tenants are not -- don’t have a broadband connection. 12098 COMMISSIONER MEN
on Highway Report and the National Broadband Task Force Report but the other do
 also heard though, you know, B.C. Broadband Association and there are areas wh
ven an additional discount on your broadband service if you take a digital lite
 side only just recently turned to broadband so we don’t, you know, we don’t kn
ake any sense to look at extending broadband in a way that could meet the needs
nding wherever possible, extending broadband so it can meet the needs of sort o
al Dream Networking the Nation for Broadband Access.” And I asked them if they 
tive is less in the details of any broadband strategy that the CRTC lands upon,
Canadians to subsidize the cost of broadband for other Canadians? 12466 And is 
 Canadians? 12466 And is access to broadband at, for example, a particular pric
e availability, speed and price of broadband as simply another one of these typ
ed a right that all Canadians have broadband access at an affordable price, we 
 up-to-date technologies including broadband services. 12481 In closing, we rec
vocates for a new fee to subsidize broadband insist that the amount is small an
other worthwhile causes aside from broadband with advocates making similar case
o have -- would not choose to have broadband because of affordability issues. 1
ns on whether or not -- do we view broadband -- is it categorized as something 
e thought the intent of a national broadband strategy was -- it was that it was
owards supporting the expansion of broadband into those same communities. So it
ow, this Commission is seized with broadband alone. 12548 There are other bodie
es; subsidies to incent and ensure broadband penetration for rural and remote c
her intervenors and the Let’s Talk Broadband Findings Report from EKOS. My choi
 My choice to focus my comments on broadband penetration for rural and remote c
pported." And finally, the Nunavut Broadband Development Corporation states it,
 in the findings of the Let’s Talk Broadband report by EKOS. In the representat
f the findings from the Let’s Talk Broadband Report that demonstrate the critic
on to encourage the development of broadband services. 12593 Given the lack of 
while encouraging rural and remote broadband development. These funds should be
 and individuals possess access to broadband infrastructure and have the requis
ructure, ensuring rural and remote broadband penetration, affordable access for
fferent countries are in their own broadband rollouts, and Canada is definitely
s can go out and develop their own broadband infrastructure. Some communities a
o resistant to the idea of funding broadband networks and getting into that bus
you know, you talk about municipal broadband project and someone will say, “Wel
ional municipalities to prioritize broadband infrastructure versus the hockey r
t exercise in the development of a broadband strategy? 12628 MR. McNALLY: I thi
 However, you look at the National Broadband Task Force and we were to have uni
mmunities that have very low speed broadband now becoming then considered under
onsiderably underserved or have no broadband then there’s no market forces ther
e decision as to what that type of broadband may look like in that community ar
- whatever they decide in terms of broadband come through. 12640 COMMISSIONER M
phanumeric digits to describe your broadband package, and then CRA could calcul
 and then CRA could calculate your broadband expenditure relative to your incom
e or household expenditure, and so broadband roughly should be again one percen
 one percent would be for wireline broadband and wouldn’t include other service
National Contribution Fund to fund broadband services to unserved Canadians. Ar
ntribution Fund so that it targets broadband and no longer wireline telephone a
line, broadband, and also wireless broadband under the argument that if you’re 
a few bucks more a month to ensure broadband services for their fellow Canadian
think if you look at the Lets Talk broadband findings you do see that there is 
ou know, relatively equal costs of broadband in rural areas. 12656 There’s also
think the analogous technology for broadband is not the telephone it’s electric
’t start facilitating and ensuring broadband universally those communities that
uld seem well suited to fund other broadband deployment. Ideally digital litera
d, you know, what kind of benefits broadband might bring to a community, I thin
ore technical aspects of operating broadband networks. And I think that’s a rea
ngs like community knowledge about broadband networks and the business models a
 address some key issues regarding broadband internet access. We will do that, 
 I will now turn my remarks to the broadband questions in front of the Commissi
try to provide input on a national broadband strategy. We agree that this proce
opportunity to review the state of broadband services in Canada and the next st
ive effects on the availability of broadband services in the country. 12729 The
 of households had access to fixed broadband and 95 percent had fixed broadband
broadband and 95 percent had fixed broadband available to them at speeds from 5
 the roll out of some of the first broadband networks in Canada in the late 199
of the fact that in just 15 years, broadband services are now available to 96 p
tners, and substantial benefits of broadband are being delivered to the vast ma
t we share the belief that gaps in broadband coverage still persist and the wor
e. 12732 We believe that universal broadband access is a worthy and important p
and industry partnerships to drive broadband coverage. Canary, the Broadband fo
ve broadband coverage. Canary, the Broadband for Rural and Northern Development
 Development or BRAND program, and Broadband Canada are just some of the exampl
m has been extending and enhancing broadband service to more than 300,000 rural
over 5 years to extend and enhance broadband service to even more rural and rem
re Fund, which can be used towards broadband connectivity. 12736 Several provin
have also pledged funds to promote broadband deployment across rural and remote
y lead to near universal access to broadband in Canada, without any need to imp
te areas. These real challenges of broadband deployment must not be overlooked.
nsure all Canadians have access to broadband before we consider increasing the 
 Commission’s role in establishing broadband speed targets in Canada has struck
With respect to economic access to broadband connectivity, we agree that it is 
 availability but accessibility of broadband that is important to Canadians. De
trategies to eliminate the gaps in broadband connectivity are those strategies 
recommending today with respect to broadband we believe is consistent with all 
guiding principles of the National Broadband Taskforce of 2001 that you asked u
eed for regulatory intervention on broadband internet services, given that mark
and filling the gaps that exist in broadband coverage. 12750 The value of polic
believe can be met with a five one broadband access into the household. 12760 C
bmission, that universal access to broadband at five one speeds is a reasonable
 in Canada, okay, when it comes to broadband internet access services. And that
of mobility and wireless services, broadband services including internet and IP
Yeah. Specifically with respect to broadband I’m assuming is your question? 127
but a small percentage of them get broadband internet services. And that largel
? 12815 MS. TULK: Well, we provide broadband service to I believe nine of the M
 we’ve actually been upgrading the broadband in -- there’s four of them that we
ccessful insofar as they’ve led to broadband being built out in these communiti
hese customers that have access to broadband even at 5 can reasonably do that a
end the basic service objective to broadband and to leave that out. 12880 And i
 when we look at the pace at which broadband has been rolled out in a country t
sue, as evidenced by the uptake on broadband that’s occurred and penetration of
that’s occurred and penetration of broadband that’s occurred in Canadian househ
expansion and you should make sure broadband is included in that, but I don’t t
15 MS. TUSK: So when they choose a broadband speed and they buy that package th
et forth for the funding and drove broadband out to -- you know, was virtually 
now, was virtually universality of broadband in the province. And so I think th
the strategy, there’s an idea of a broadband fund, and so on. So I’d like to fi
here be something that resembles a broadband fund. What do you think would be a
hat would guiding principles for a broadband fund -- what should we -- would yo
 of all, we’re not in support of a broadband subsidy or a fund beyond what the 
you opened a public record to talk broadband and immediately people started fil
ith you, and what is the idea of a broadband strategy, a national broadband str
f a broadband strategy, a national broadband strategy. Do you think there shoul
ER VENNARD: So do you think mobile broadband should be part -- would that be ap
--- 12948 MS. TULK: I think mobile broadband can be a solution. I think it’s --
 excellent plan where there’s good broadband and wireless coverage and allows t
 until we have universal access to broadband there’s not universal access to Vo
 of households had access to fixed broadband and 95 percent at speeds from 5 to
 questions. 13017 Was the issue of broadband discussed in your recent election;
? 13018 MS. TULK: Was the issue of broadband discussed in the recent election i
 each community that we serve with broadband and we’re going in. As Hong mentio
ect to the wireless network as the broadband network. And also, the same evalua
m not aware of any provision for a broadband connectivity. 13059 THE CHAIRPERSO
 of the use. But I'm not aware for broadband connectivity. 13061 THE CHAIRPERSO
e, as we mentioned, that access to broadband is important to all citizens and, 
er question in the availability of broadband that I think a lot of the provinci
governments are considering is, is broadband required for each individual home 
, and et cetera, to be able to use broadband a reasonable solution to the essen
ng part of the partnership to make broadband available to citizens is a role of
taking. And yes, you know, I think broadband is an important part of that discu
 earlier response to the fact that broadband issues weren’t widely discussed in
