Displaying 79 of 79 matches:
tion like YouTube with captioning; services supplied online using sign languag
 sign language, for example, relay services like video relay interpreting and 
want to add that telecommunication services should be recognized as a basic se
 catch up. 7012 Broadband internet services must be defined as a basic service
indication display of what type of services would be offered for the deaf comm
’m unaware of any direct frontline services provided in sign language. But I a
us about getting rid of any of the services we have currently. 7072 Now, maybe
one who works at telecommunication services to understand deaf culture and per
d, so that we can provide the best services for our community going forward. 7
oned earlier that the packages and services available to the deaf community we
herwise, they’ll be unaware of any services being offered. 7100 MR. ROOTS: Jim
 enhance our understanding of what services are available and see which produc
ailable and see which products and services will meet our needs. 7108 And that
ordable and reliable communication services are increasingly essential, for th
ibility of media and communication services by 2020. 7177 The Access 2020 Coal
eliable, fixed and mobile internet services that are essential for participati
excluding broadband from the basic services framework. 7187 We recognize that 
t the affordability and quality of services that are available to them. 7191 E
cess to fixed and mobile broadband services and the need for deploying the wid
ents in improving accessibility of services they deliver or responding to the 
es can access basic communications services that are essential to their abilit
ccess and use basic communications services they need. 7206 Even though incumb
her information and communications services and applications. 7207 We submit t
cerns about affordability of basic services for Canadians with low incomes, as
to and use of basic communications services by Canadians with severe or very s
ave access to basic communications services will cost 150 to 300 million per y
 to point out that advanced mobile services offer a new world of access to the
h low incomes require in the basic services framework are likely to outweigh a
bile broadband access in the basic services framework. 7226 We submit that our
bilities employ telecommunications services in a variety of ways that are simi
ange of fixed and mobile broadband services on offer are not sufficient to mee
 only offer retail internet access services in the retail markets only on a “b
ties to access basic communication services is limited capacity of the service
 in access to basic communications services for Canadians with disabilities. 7
 in accessing basic communications services are likely to benefit all Canadian
higher quality and more affordable services to our stakeholders. 7256 We would
n my mind right now is video relay services because it’s a two-way video conve
s the guarantee that those minimum services at all times. 7287 MR. TIBBS: And 
e when you’re out and about. Their services in particular are generally incapa
ound 15,000 and I think the social services payment varies by province for peo
at went to people receiving social services might not be clawed back by social
might not be clawed back by social services in terms of that or simply absorbe
 that or simply absorbed by social services in a follow-through in the scenari
ncy, provincial provider of social services would look at this as an increase 
evels or bandwidth for video relay services would -- encompasses some of what 
 the people responsible for Social Services have chosen not to fund it, why wo
ities to get the materials and the services they need. 7371 Because right now,
ou’re not hearing this from Social Services is because this is not a Social Se
es is because this is not a Social Services issue. This is the stakeholders in
 the individuals who are using the services provided to improve their means to
 under your mandate to provide the services to help them individually. 7379 MR
: I may expand on that. The Social Services angle comes in only in the subsidy
ilar to the one in place for voice services to achieve Canada’s goals for broa
entatives. 7401 We provide similar services to our customers across our area, 
increase speeds and deliver better services to rural Canadians. 7410 And today
 we have invested to deliver these services into these small areas. We know th
urse they deliver very low latency services and can support voice and gaming a
ink that five-one -- when we offer services out to our customers, so we'll off
e access to the same entertainment services that the urban people can enjoy, y
 to people trying to improve their services and it’s a better deal for the con
e cancelling other video-streaming services or video services like satellite, 
 video-streaming services or video services like satellite, for example, in th
eliver both the voice and the T.V. services they’re okay with paying $100, in 
 these citizens to seek government services through digital platforms. 7569 I 
e and affordable telecommunication services of high quality accessible to Cana
 environment for telecommunication services to keep Canada at the leading edge
ek and they were talking about new services they're going to be launching that
round $100,000 to deliver improved services to your street, what's your opinio
ntroversy that voice and ancillary services are important to Canadians and tha
should be basic telecommunications services for all providers and across all p
vious high costs of providing such services in Canada’s low population density
s through price reductions for the services it regulates, and such policies, i
s today are able to have access to services far above this base. Here's the mi
 all you say is you can have basic services 5/1, it can be oversubscribed. It 
ve received funding and we upgrade services in areas, that’s exactly what happ
n we used HSPA to provide HSA-type services over a wireless network. Those HSP
cause many, many times if you have services with TELUS for mobility and the vo
 and affordable telecommunications services of high quality are accessible to 
ell that may love to avail of your services but you’re choosing to spend $2 bi
