Displaying 215 of 215 matches:
 we would like to see that wireless service providers provide fair and uniform 
f the plans offered by the wireless service providers, and fourth, decrease dis
, decrease disparity of product and service provisions within and amongst the v
in and amongst the various wireless service providers. 6964 MR. NEWMILLER: So w
tions. 6966 And within the wireless service providers, there are a number of is
to oversee the initiative. Wireless service providers to start creating termino
erstand and navigate their wireless service contracts. 6983 The WSPs are also s
ibility fund pooled by the wireless service providers. Provide those with low i
those employees to provide customer service directly in sign language. 6985 The
s communications. 6986 And wireless service providers should also invest in ASL
mploy ASL and LSQ users as customer service representatives or CSRs. Invest in 
lly ASL and LSQ to provide customer service to those consumers. And also, provi
ld like to mention that video relay service -- we want to emphasize that this i
 for ASL and LSQ users. Video relay service reduces barriers to communication t
we see major benefits of having the service for deaf and hearing individuals. I
e that VRS is a basic communication service is it has been said it will be supp
r may require any telecommunication service provider to contribute subject to a
ould ask that the telecommunication service providers provide a minimum of 25 m
phasize that all telecommunications service providers, telephone providers, wir
e we’re all using the same wireless service provider; we’re customers of the sa
” is to have the WSPs, the wireless service providers, institute a uniformity i
 add something. Within the wireless service providers when they have a specific
RSON: When you look at the wireless service providers in the country or the wir
ders in the country or the wireline service providers in the country, is there 
mpares all of the Canadian wireless service providers, showing their accessibil
rious telecom providers or wireless service providers are not aware of those pr
both groups, are there any Canadian service providers that are able to provide 
ing more about some of the wireless service providers, indicating to us as a co
gn language. But any of the telecom service providers maybe. There might be an 
ering, in light of that, is the TTY service still useful? And do you see that p
ny people are just waiting for that service to be implemented and then they wil
onsidered a basic telecommunication service because we foresee this really taki
n the advertising from the wireless service providers will say “unlimited texti
receive monthly from their wireless service provider. So that’s something I oft
s a great example. When video relay service is established, I believe that we’r
ration with CAD, CRTC, the wireless service providers, if we could come togethe
 would assist CRTC and the wireless service providers to understand our communi
fied on the various websites of the service providers. 7095 You also make comme
cess or have access to the wireless service providers who advertise on televisi
get the word out. It’s the wireless service providers to advertise and to make 
e an ad campaign and to promote the service providers’ products and services. T
ave a partnership with the wireless service providers. If there was a new gigab
do that. We’d like to work with the service providers. They obviously have the 
erent websites. We suggest that all service providers do this. Have something a
nt to make those connections to the service providers, but in order to do that 
situation for the community and the service providers. 7109 And this also enhan
ation has partnered with a wireless service provider, and they partner to make 
r example, and some of the wireless service providers. 7113 THE CHAIRPERSON: To
ng my presentation, all the telecom service providers could contribute to a fun
nk could happen is that he wireless service providers need to articulate to the
 in order to have the text to 9-1-1 service you have to have a voice plan. Beca
and or high speed access as a basic service under the Telecommunications Act. 7
arket trends in terms of prices and service quality are of a particular concern
ing to redefine broadband and basic service were already evident in 2011 when t
high-speed access in Canada’s basic service framework. 7195 Today, five years l
he relatively limited incentives of service providers to invest in them. While 
ts, for example, minimum quality of service guarantees, are relatively limited.
ties are typically below what those service providers can earn from other ventu
s, regardless of the technology and service delivery platform that is both fixe
to exclude broadband from the basic service regime, the record of this proceedi
efining broadband access as a basic service will not in itself be sufficient to
tives to serve basic communications service needs of Canadians with disabilitie
in this proceeding, including large service providers that dominate Canada’s fi
 costs that limit the incentives of service providers to improve accessibility 
 the long term interest of both the service providers and Canadians with disabi
adband high-speed access as a basic service and then to ensure that Canadians w
d entities offer at least one basic service package that includes minimum servi
rvice package that includes minimum service guarantees at a reasonable price. 7
 symmetric connections with minimum service quality guarantees. Besides general
mic activities. 7234 Unfortunately, service providers in Canada only offer reta
ic subscription package that offers service quality guarantees to end users who
 they want in addition to the basic service package the Commission mandates. 72
average user may not demand minimum service quality guarantees or symmetric spe
ght be satisfied with “best effort” service packages and uncertain levels of se
ce packages and uncertain levels of service currently available. 7238 However, 
 stakeholders require minimum basic service quality guarantees for their reliab
bmission, we conjectured that large service providers all have the technical ca
rol technologies to deliver a basic service package that includes minimum servi
rvice package that includes minimum service quality guarantees and meets the mi
ty guarantees and meets the minimum service standards required by our stakehold
ng their ability to deliver minimum service quality guarantees to end users. 72
ntention about a lack of demand for service packages that include guarantees of
 that include guarantees of minimum service quality operators actually deliver,
r more symmetric and reliable basic service standards, both at home and via mob
 for them to commit to some minimum service level standards to their customers.
s. 7245 Our proposal for addressing service quality concerns of Canadians with 
by extending the range of available service profiles to include one or more tha
de one or more that include minimum service quality guarantees would not only b
ur call for the adoption of minimum service quality standards to regulated enti
services is limited capacity of the service providers to communicate with our s
nadians with disabilities and their service providers. 7250 As detailed in our 
ry for bridging divides in customer service departments of operators and resolv
l Canadians, as well as potentially service providers that choose to invest in 
esk. For example, Bell provided her service but told her she had to get a landl
ld that’s perhaps getting a certain service but it -- there’s a number of peopl
 must have that level of quality of service or they’re not able to communicate.
 public Wi-Fi spots, the quality of service you’re going to get there is probab
there’s many others, of video relay service because it’s kind of the -- one of 
ators that allow them to depreciate service quality on a customer -- individual
not be able to deliver that minimum service quality guarantees, but larger ones
merging that allow each application service quality to be guaranteed regardless
rk for customers that are demanding service quality, minimum service quality gu
 demanding service quality, minimum service quality guarantees. 7298 COMMISSION
 more of a need. And when we get to service providers who, for example, you kno
distributed through existing social service agencies so you don’t have to dupli
ave you had any contact with social service agencies regarding how they might v
 are mechanisms to allow for social service agencies to come on board with a pr
 it, they had to go to every social service agency and the provinces had to sig
And I don’t believe that any social service agency, provincial provider of soci
n I say that is because many social service providers are in the position of ha
ize and mandate plain old telephone service as we have because once internet co
. MARTIN: It would be funded by the service providers. 7337 COMMISSIONER MENZIE
r -- would it be funded through the service providers by say a fee on people’s 
to the Commission is to mandate the service providers to provide a subsidy to t
ed to the other consumers using the service as well. 7342 MR. RAJABIUN: If I ma
by the disabilities communities for service providers. So they could have a pos
evenue neutral, our proposal to the service providers. 7346 COMMISSIONER MENZIE
tcome. You know, guaranteed minimum service levels or bandwidth for video relay
issues between your communities and service providers might open up and improve
munity needs to continue to educate service providers, internet providers, ever
nship between the consumers and the service providers who come under your manda
pays their taxes. So the quality of service guarantees and the disabilities rig
vinces can’t really mandate minimum service quality guarantees. Federal governm
ere in British Columbia. We have 30 service providers in our organization, as w
5 employees. 7402 We think that our service providers are at the leading edge o
 And, you know, we target improving service to about 23,000 homes in British Co
cable co’s, small wireless internet service providers throughout Canada, and it
t up to that level of equipment and service delivery and better coverage. The n
h tougher terrain, and improve that service delivery. 7413 So from our point-of
en involved in have helped us bring service to a lot of areas, that once you ge
me great -- great technology, great service delivery. And all of our ISPs, they
hese communities. They’re providing service to their neighbours. They know what
se individuals. They do clamour for service and they will phone everyone that t
 has provided an excellent level of service for many Canadians who otherwise wo
 a mountain, which blocks satellite service from reaching those people. They ma
ixed wireless operator to go in and service those customers without -- you know
etplace which has brought broadband service to rural Canada fairly cost-effecti
who are unable to receive satellite service due to terrestrial obstacles. 7450 
 of -- oh, the small business, like service delivery for them? Right. 7485 Now,
alling streaming video an essential service may be premature at this point. It 
: I just wanted to comment too that service rates in the urban areas are lower 
ed folks who don’t have terrestrial service and call them unserved, even though
ough they in fact do have satellite service and in many cases are quite happy w
d it will tell you who is providing service in that area and in most cases you’
rrestrial service. 7547 Terrestrial service because of economics and the satell
 from people actually trying to get service and not being able to, but yes, the
t hearing from the largest internet service providers, such as TELUS, Bell, Rog
 will consider such things as basic service objectives and the potential use of
by at least two wired communication service providers, a result envied by many 
rnet. I’m not complaining about the service for Xplornet but the cost is extrem
 said that TELUS is the predominant service provider but that yours is the only
e but the cost of satellite and the service of satellite is not the same, as yo
he same, as you know, as high-speed service through a telephone company or anot
est of the Island was built out for service and I'm looking at a map and Pilkey
we're not obligated to provide this service as long as you have options”, and t
land or TELUS or even the satellite service provider been provided with any fed
te happy with the current satellite service that they are receiving. 7670 Would
 but whether it's actually a stable service for you? 7671 MR. FRANKEL: Well, th
or you? 7671 MR. FRANKEL: Well, the service in general is way better than dial-
know, you're looking at for a basic service minimum is a $1,000 a year, especia
ou can get access to things but the service sometimes can be interrupted. I gue
mes can be interrupted. I guess any service can be interrupted. You have -- it'
ay what they're paying for improved service before it gets to a point where you
 through general revenues from your service provider, TELUS? Or should we perha
, and communication is an essential service like fire response, medical, educat
et past their formula to extend the service into our area. 7726 And I don’t hav
t seems and apparent that the wired service is really the optimal and obvious s
 There’s no requirement for them to service low return areas. 7732 So I think o
ifficulties calling it an essential service -- 7771 COMMISSIONER VENNARD: Okay.
t, how much are you paying for your service now? 7774 MS. LOWELL: Right now we 
 it is to serve your area, to put a service in that suitable -- that’s acceptab
 ours, but they -- TELUS decided to service those areas but they left us out. 7
d on that data, they decided not to service our area. And now, you know, it’s t
 and adoption of broadband internet service in Canada. Third, the issue of subs
s. Fourth, the history of universal service in Canada as it relates to this pro
load speed for standalone broadband service declined in Canada from $6.22 in U.
tes is that its high-cost universal service program has not yielded measurable 
alysis and may jeopardize telephone service to Canadians in high cost serving a
employing pricing to make telephone service available as widely as possible. 78
ider per country for each broadband service and thus not representative of the 
tion of BTS, you said: 7881 “It’s a service recognized to be of critical import
zens, that universal access to such service at affordable rates is necessary fo
able to them, but -- for as a basic service that is not going to necessarily sa
at show their collective, you know, service levels in those areas and what they
in defining quality, the quality at service so that there's some equity across 
what somebody can expect from their service as it relates to the quality and re
lity of networks and the quality of service that people are provided with, shor
vided with, short of gaps where the service is below the basic service -- basic
here the service is below the basic service -- basic telecom level that we've t
both providing and maintaining that service is relative to how you define it, r
these being subsidized to provide a service of that quality, one should assume 
as stepped back from retail quality service based on the fact that it's a compe
 them with service, how should that service be defined? 7995 MR. WOODHEAD: Fair
allenged you on the availability of service in forborne markets -- or no, I can
to provide the suggested quality of service metrics? 8003 MR. WOODHEAD: To be u
t the price that we would offer the service at, so they --- 8069 COMMISSIONER M
now, in community A, either there’s service already or -- and to extend service
service already or -- and to extend service to outward homes in the same commun
4 MR. SCHMIDT: The provision of the service in the end, pursuant to the public 
 and it’s not you, I mean, it’s any service provider -- you are considering wha
 reasonable principle for extending service to unserved areas? 8094 MR. WOODHEA
ther factors. Price not just of the service but price of the internet appliance
es should be placed on the internet service providers? 8168 As you mentioned, T
sociated -- as well as the internet service contract or service agreement, any 
as the internet service contract or service agreement, any associated documents
8237 MR. WOODHEAD: It will be a new service and certainly we could look at doin
ying you’re talking about universal service and that sort of stuff, but it was 
versal -- the traditional universal service objective. They’re proposing what I
 even under for plain old telephone service today, there are people that are no
se two things, the cost to actually service those 60 homes would have put in je
, and I’m not saying that a 5 and 1 service isn’t there and isn’t offered, but 
e offer a six meg -- one to six meg service everywhere we operate. 8439 COMMISS
k you. 8462 Do any of your customer service reps have the ability to serve the 
 our understanding of the number of service providers in those particular citie
D: If the -- if the service, if the service can be made cheaper as a result of 
