Displaying 48 of 48 matches:
ve this issue." 11755 From digital literacy to poverty to health and safety co
d also perhaps a little bit on the literacy side, if you will, to say for thos
income households. Gaps in digital literacy and skills are also substantial ba
ipment, they would include digital literacy and different options around that,
rm, in terms of two areas, digital literacy and adoptability, where -- how do 
ave initially ideas around digital literacy and you know, I think there's a co
 to provide those sorts of digital literacy programs. And I might then throw i
t on the interplay between digital literacy and actual adoption. 12232 Scott? 
CC did, which was that the digital literacy classes, even free or when you wer
band service if you take a digital literacy class, were not popular. People di
ional $10 a month to avoid digital literacy classes. I mean -- I say -- becaus
e who did self-select into digital literacy training and in those cases, the p
ommunities and funding for digital literacy is not meant to suggest that the o
mmission itself identified digital literacy as a potential barrier to meaningf
 our Phase I intervention, digital literacy should be conceived broadly, and n
nt measures to enhance the digital literacy of their citizens, and increasing 
 and increasing Canadians’ digital literacy offers, 12576 "numerous benefits t
 for skill development and digital literacy be made available to community anc
so be of high quality, and digital literacy skills must be promoted, both for 
roadly about defining what digital literacy means for Canadians and how specif
on-adoption. Concerns over digital literacy are also expressed by Xplornet, wh
nding for project-specific digital literacy and training activities. Similarly
digital literacy, noting, “Digital literacy is essential.” 12585 Telecommuniti
ties Canada iterates that “digital literacy skills must also be supported." An
 libraries, as well as for digital literacy programs.” 12587 These comments de
s. 12588 The importance of digital literacy is also reflected in the findings 
so many Canadians identify digital literacy as a factor limiting use, and the 
Commission should consider digital literacy as an essential aspect of basic te
ow-income individuals, and digital literacy skills is crucial. 12598 I again w
nding or broad emphasis on digital literacy is about, in part building capacit
ese funds on enhancing the digital literacy skills of Canadians and really dri
adband deployment. Ideally digital literacy should not be the primary responsi
ey do not really emphasize digital literacy to the same extent they provide fu
me extent they provide funding for literacy and numeracy. And so there is a li
 have one more question on digital literacy before I hand you back over to my 
ould we strongly encourage digital literacy enhanced programs on the part of t
m stepping up and offering digital literacy courses? What do you think we shou
ook at it there’s a lot of digital literacy that goes on nowadays by various i
es, and again, considering digital literacy very broadly, not just how to use 
w to use the internet, the digital literacy around how to build a network and,
ed about the importance of digital literacy around the kind of more technical 
of traditionally conceived digital literacy I think is the Commission’s job to
pporting accessibility and digital literacy that we are involved in at MTS. 12
would like to comment on a digital literacy strategy. How -- do you think some
e? We’ve heard a lot about digital literacy as well. 12968 MS. TULK: Well, I t
 I guess I’d say I believe digital literacy and work on digital literacy is cr
gital literacy and work on digital literacy is critically important going forw
sue. I think it belongs -- digital literacy is an issue in the -- that should 
